docs/modify_database.md, before:

# Modifying database
The database the server use is at `elichika/assets/db/jp` or `elichika/assets/db/gl`, depending on the version you want to use.

The server read this database to operate, and the client download this database from the server.

However, there is a catch:

- The database in `elichika/assets/db` are in `sqlite` format.
- But the client expect an encrypted database.
- So we have to encrypt the database and send it to the client, not just the `sqlite` database

    - In theory, it's possible to modify the client to directly load the raw `sqlite`, but until that is done, we have to encrypt.

## Prequisite
- You will need `python` and will need to install some stuff:

    - You need to run `bin/encyptdbset.py`
    - To do that, install the relevant library used by that file.
    - Follow [this guide](https://discord.com/channels/922182394323292170/1102114858440327269/1137939760149704746) in LL Hax discord.
    - Maybe there will be a port of the script to Go, or the server will automatically does this everytime it's started, but not now.

## How to

To modify the database:

- First, directly modify the server's database in `elichika/assets/db/jp` or `elichika/assets/db/gl`:

    - This can be done manually using some program like [DB brower for SQLite](https://sqlitebrowser.org/)
    - It can also be done through SQL scripts, that can be executed by [DB brower for SQLite](https://sqlitebrowser.org/) or any program that support handling such scripts.
    - And you can also just replace the files with files you got from elsewhere. 

- Secondly, generate the newly encrypted database:

    ```
    ./bin/build_db.sh
    ``` 
    On Windows, you have to run inside `git bash` or some other `linux` shell emulator. 

- After that, restart the server. When you login with the client, you should be promted to download the new database.

## Notes

- This only modify the database, if you want to modify / add assets, you will also have to encrypt them. The document on doing so is not available for now.
- You might want to backup the files before trying anything.
    - The script does create backup files for you, but you will have to manually restore it.
    - The script might also fail to create a good back up.
- If your modification is inconsistent or not synced between server and client, the server or client might not work properly.

Commit message:

moved database building to go. server now detect and build a new database version based on existing unencrypted database

docs/modify_database.md, after:

# Modifying database
The database the server use is at `elichika/assets/db/jp` or `elichika/assets/db/gl`, depending on the version you want to use.

The server read this database to operate, and the client download this database from the server.

However, there is a catch:

- The database in `elichika/assets/db` are in `sqlite` format.
- But the client expect an encrypted database.
- So we have to encrypt the database and send it to the client, not just the `sqlite` database

    - In theory, it's possible to modify the client to directly load the raw `sqlite`, but until that is done, we have to encrypt.

## How to

To modify the database, directly modify the server's database in `elichika/assets/db/jp` or `elichika/assets/db/gl`:

    - This can be done manually using some program like [DB brower for SQLite](https://sqlitebrowser.org/)
    - It can also be done through SQL scripts, that can be executed by [DB brower for SQLite](https://sqlitebrowser.org/) or any program that support handling such scripts.
    - And you can also just replace the files with files you got from elsewhere.
    - TODO: Add database mod to WebUI?

After that, you only need to restart the server and it will automatically generate the necessary files. Then you only have to login or move around with the client to trigger a database update on client side.

## Notes

- This only modify the database, if you want to modify / add assets, you will also have to encrypt them. The document on doing so is not available for now.
- You might want to backup the files before trying anything.
- If your modification is inconsistent or not synced between server and client, the server or client might not work properly.
- Ideally, you should save the modifcation you made as SQL scripts, so you can repeat them whenever you want with a fresh database instance.
